TITLE
Need a website for a small business?


ABOUT US

Fump is a Web design service based in Hull. We craft beautiful, engaging websites for small businesses and deliver successful SEO campaigns.

At Fump we are focused on delivering results for our clients.
 Whatever marketing goals you have – Brand Exposure, Lead Generation, Website Traffic –
 our team can help you reach your target audience and succeed.
we specialise in affordable web design and website development in Hull, East Yorkshire.
 All our work is carried out by a passionate dedicated team to ensure that everything we create fulfills your requirements and most importantly delivers results!


 We specialise in website design, custom web development for mobile and desktop.
First impressions count when it comes to the design of your website, but you also need to make sure it creates the right one too.

A brilliant website needs to incorporate a number of things. It must communicate your brand values, attract high-quality visitors, 
be easy to navigate and find what you are looking for, integrate seamlessly with existing systems and provide a hub for your wider 
marketing strategy. It must also achieve commercial objectives.
If your current site doesn’t fulfill these points, talk to us.

We understand your website is central to your brand identity, reputation and how customers perceive you.  We take the time to understand your business and create a strategy to fulfil your commercial objectives.



SERVICES

Portfoilio single page site

multi page site

ecommece



YOUR WEBSITE

A brilliant website needs to incorporate a number of things. It must communicate your brand values, attract high-quality visitors, 
be easy to navigate and find what you are looking for, integrate seamlessly with existing systems and provide a hub for your wider marketing strategy. It must also achieve commercial objectives.

If your current site doesn’t fulfill these points, talk to us, we combine creative flair and technical knowledge with strong commercial sense and relentless attention to detail, to produce websites that really deliver results.

your website must perform well on Google so that potential customers can easily find it.
it must look professional so that it gives a good impression of your company and customers feel at ease doing business with you.
it must have a good structure so that customers can easily navigate around your website and find what they are looking for.
it must have good calls to action such as contact forms so that visitors make that important first step of getting in touch with you.
it must perform well on a range of devices including smartphones and tablets.




CONTACT

The Fump Web team are truly talented professionals and jolly nice people so please do get in touch




DO I NEED A WEBSITE?

Your business is moving along nicely. Sure, there are quiet patches, but we all have those, don’t we? When things are quiet, do you find yourself looking for things on the Internet? Do you sometimes find yourself wondering “Why do I need a website? What can it do for me?”

The Internet is probably the most cost effective form of advertising available.

The Internet is better than the Yellow Pages, better than the many trade directories – soon every business will appear there in some form.
Compared to any other advertising medium the Internet has has a circulation figure and coverage area that can’t be matched. You can access that medium for a fraction of the cost of a simple series of advertisements in the local newspaper. Most small businesses will never be able to afford a radio campaign, let alone a TV campaign!

It’s entirely possible that your competitors already have a website. If they have, then this is potentially taking business away from you. If your competitors are already on the internet then you could be missing out on potentially valuable customers. Can you afford to lose that custom?

The question “why do I need a website?” is the wrong one to be asking. The question should really be “why do I think I don’t need a website?”

google

Why not try a search of Google (the most popular search engine) to see what your competition is up to? It’s a great way to get a feel for what is out there, what you like and dislike, and how you’d like your site to look and feel. When you’ve done that, call us.  Pick up the telephone and see how we can help you to grow your business.

To realise this huge potential, it is important that the pages of your website appear swiftly, and say what you want them to; the site has to be continually promoted and assessed, and the site must be kept looking fresh and up-to-date to encourage visitors to return to it on a regular basis. Your website is your on-line, interactive brochure. With a little thought, it can be so much more!

These are all aspects that Fump Web Design have in mind when we advise you on the structure and maintenance of your site. Our teamwork is essential if we’re going to help you make the most of this opportunity.

At Fump we understand YOU and YOUR business, and know that you will quickly come to count on us as an important part of your marketing and promotions team. We’re here for advice, for help, and for the ongoing maintainance of your investment.




VALUE OF A WEBSITE

How Much Does A Website Cost?

It doesn’t really matter how much a website costs. £5000, for example is a bargain, because it’s value is so, so much more than its price tag. Your website is the cheapest employee you’ll ever have. Can you afford not to have one?

No Matter What The Cost, Any Website is a Cheap Website

Why A £5000 Website Is A Bargain

As a web designer/developer, probably the the most common question I’m asked is “How much does a website cost?” Working mainly for small business startups as I do, the answer often sees clients almost go into shock!

It’s the next question that is more difficult to answer. “Why is it so expensive? It’s just a website!”

how much is a website?

Just a website. “I only want a website. A simple, cheap website”. I wonder if doctors get as annoyed when someone says “It’s just an operation”, or if architects and builders get frustrated when people say “It’s just a house. How hard can it be?”

I think the biggest problem we face as designers/developers is that even when completed a website isn’t really a tangible object. You can’t hold it in your hands and feel it, or smell it, or hang it on the wall. The details, the design skills and craftsmanship that makes a website what it is, these hide under the surface. The things that make a website work are practically invisible to most people.

The cost of the website isn’t really important. It doesn’t matter if it’s £300, £600, £1000, £5000 or more. Websites are cheap, no matter what the cost.

What matters is the value of the website. Here’s an analogy that might help to illustrate my meaning.

THE PERFECT EMPLOYEE

Imagine you’ve decided to take on a new salesman for the company. His name is Jim, and he’s a nice guy. This is what Jim does for you.

    Jim works 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year. He never sleeps, he never takes holidays, he never takes a cigarette break. All he does is talk to your clients and sing your praises to everyone he meets.
    Jim knows everything there is to know about the company, and never forgets anything when he’s selling. He talks to hundreds of people every day, he can talk to more than one person at once, and yet he still gives one-to-one attention.
    Jim travels. He can be anywhere in the world when he’s needed, and can somehow manage to be in different places at the same time. He never files any expense claims for this.
    Jim learns quickly. If you want to teach him something new, you only have to tell him once.

The best part of all this?

Jim is cheap. Ridiculously cheap. If you employ Jim for two years his initial £5000 price tag comes to a paltry £2500 a year. In fact, the longer Jim works for you, the cheaper he gets. And Jim will never quit.

Jim would be better off working part-time in a fast-food store. You pay Jim £0.28 per hour. He’s always there for you, and he works tirelessly around the clock for one thing: for you.

Do you feel sorry for Jim?

You shouldn’t. Jim isn’t real. He has no feelings to hurt, no ego to be crushed. Pete is your website.

Now try getting a perfect living, breathing salesman for minimum wage. Try to get anyone to do anything at all for £0.28 an hour!
